docs updates for new idfv changes (#4465)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/liquid/supported_personalization_tags.md

|Tag | Description |
|---|---|
|`{{most_recently_used_device.${browser}}}` | The most recently used browser on the user's device. Examples include "Chrome" and "Safari". |

> |`{{most_recently_used_device.${id}}}` | This is Braze’s device identifier. On iOS, this can be the Apple Identifier for Vendor (IDFV) or a UUID. For Android and other platforms, it is Braze’s device identifier, a randomly generated GUID. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`{{most_recently_used_device.${id}}}` | This is Braze's device identifier. On iOS, this can be the Apple Identifier for Vendor (IDFV) or a UUID. For Android and other platforms it is a randomly generated UUID. |
```

|Tag | Description |
|------------------|---|

> | `{{targeted_device.${id}}}` | This is Braze’s device identifier. On iOS, this can be the Apple Identifier for Vendor (IDFV) or a UUID. For Android and other platforms, it is Braze’s device identifier, a randomly generated GUID. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `{{targeted_device.${id}}}` | This is Braze's device identifier. On iOS, this can be the Apple Identifier for Vendor (IDFV) or a UUID. For Android and other platforms it is a randomly generated UUID. |
```
